How to make Shahi Paneer
paneer
Step 1 Chop all the veggies and make almond-cashew paste
To prepare this creamy shahi paneer recipe, chop the onion, green chillies, tomatoes along with ginger and coriander leaves separately. Now in a bowl, add the curd and whisk it well. If you are in a hurry, you can also use tomato puree instead of chopped tomatoes. To make this recipe more delicious, you can dry roast the spices separately and then add to the gravy. This will make your recipe more aromatic. Now, grind cashews and almonds separately using a little water and make cashew and almond paste. Keep them aside until required.

Step 2 Prepare onion-tomato gravy using curd
Next, put a pan on medium flame and heat 3 tbsps of ghee in it. Add the chopped onions, ginger, green chillies along with green cardamoms for 4 to 5 minutes. Add the tomato puree and cover the pan with a lid. Cook for about 8 to 10 minutes. Then, add the beaten curd, cook for another 5 minutes and pour a cup of water in the pan. Cook for another minute. When the gravy is cooked, let it cool at room temperature. When it's cool enough, add it to a mixer jar and blend till smooth and keep aside.

Step 3 Add paneer cubes in the gravy and cook for 3-5 minutes
Now, heat the remaining ghee in another pan and add the ground gravy in it along with red chilli powder, garam masala powder, cashew and almond paste along with salt. Bring it to a boil or till the gravy thickens. Then add the paneer cubes and milk. Cook for another 3 to 5 minutes. While the gravy is being cooked, cut the paneer in cubes and keep aside till required. Take two cubes and grate them for garnishing. Then garnish this delicious North Indian paneer recipe with chopped coriander leaves and grated paneer. If you like it creamier, you can add some fresh cream. This will not only make your dish look appetising but at the same time it will add on to the taste. Serve hot with roomali roti or naan and enjoy!